We check on the full screen and you can see we're here and it's actually taking full size on here.
So what you'd want to do is go Michael here.
I already added a comment.
Customer responsive.
That note here we're going to say like this I'm going to say meet here and again we're going to see
the screen and this is going to be.
Right.
So men with more here like this and this is going to be five and six pixels.
And then we're going to have a customer center.
So this is going to be custom Mersch and they're like this.
And then we're going to see this play from Next here and we're going to have a flex ramp.
Right.
So again I can say this for now.
Well let's just check what we have.
So the refresh right now I can see all of them are like this right.
Because this is actually going to be displaying in the flex.
So the next thing that we would want is actually have a flex ramp and just if I can't content space
between.
So I'm going to say a flex flex here wrap them say wrap this and then we're going to say that this is
going to be a just different content and this is going to be a space between.
So I'm going to see this space in between.
And then after that what I would want to do when we're here we're just going to say this is going to
be customer customer here and we're going to say this is going to be a flex we're here then it's going
to be 0 0 calc and on here 33 dot 3 percent.
3 percent or here minus I would say or here again that's use.
I don't know wanting him something like this right.
So this is refresh right.
And this is how it's going to work right.
So now he's going to have a little bit more padding in between.
And this is how we can make it team section responsive.
And the last thing that we would want or here first of all would be changing the team here this time
all right.
So we need customers here.
And after that we would want to do is actually build this last section right which is going to be a
contact us section or here.
So the first things first let's go to each team now and let's actually change over here and this customer
reviews.